Chef web docs issue 2852 (#2872)
chef/chef-web-docs: _vendor/github.com/chef/chef-server/docs-chef-io/content/server/ctl_chef_server.md

## install

> The `install` subcommand is used to install premium feature of the Chef

Reviewer: It looks like most of the features associated with this method are deprecated or not recommended. What do we use this endpoint for and can you help me get examples @tas50 ?
See the note on https://docs.chef.io/server/ctl_chef_server/#install

Do we still use it for Chef Infra Client run reporting? 

Otherwise:
```suggestion
The `install` subcommand is used to install Chef Infra Server replication and high availability configurations.
```

Reviewer: We need to make this change in the server repo.
